docs: revise and update documentation in client (#925)
0xMiden/miden-client: docs/src/design.md

- `GetAccountDetails`: Returns the account details for a specific account ID. The available information will depend on the account type (public or private).
- `GetAccountProofs`: Returns the account data needed to perform a Foreign Procedure Invocation (FPI) on the specified foreign accounts.
- `GetAccountStateDelta`: Returns the state delta for a specific account ID between two block numbers.
- `GetBlockByNumber`: Returns a proven block given a specific block number.
- `GetBlockHeaderByNumber`: Returns the block header information given a specific block number.
- `GetNotesById`: Returns a list of notes given a specific note ID. The available information for each note will depend on the note type (public or private).
- `SubmitProvenTransaction`: Sends a locally-proved transaction to the node for inclusion in the blockchain.
- `SyncNotes`: Asks the node for information about notes that have been created or consumed.
- `SyncState`: Asks the node for information relevant to the client. For example, specific account changes, whether relevant notes have been created or consumed, etc.

## Transaction executor

> The transaction executor executes transactions using the Miden VM.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The transaction executor uses the Miden VM to execute transactions. All transactions run within the transaction kernel [<- link to transaction kernel docs].
```
